(Done) As a player I should be able to shoot shells at other players.
    (Done) Create a shell game object
    (Done) Create a image for the shell (heart or something love-y dove-y)
    (Done) Give the shell a small mass
    (Done) Give a cooldown/warmup to prevent firing shots very rapidly
    (Done) Fire when the player presses the 'A' button on the controller
(Done) As a player I should be able to see a turret on my tank
    (Done) Attach a turret to a tank.
    (Done) The turret rotates and moves with the tank
(Done) As a player I should be able to see an arrow that indicates the power of my next shot
    (Done) Rotate the arrow to follow the barrel
    (Done) Stretch the arrow to show power for tank
(Done) As a player I should be able to know when I can fire a shot
    (Done) Color the power arrow black when the player can't shoot
    (Done) Shift the power arrow's color to white as the next shot is closer to being fired.
    (Done) Color the power arrow yellow when the player can shoot
(Done) As a player I should be able to adjust my angle with a joystick's x axis
    (Done) Ensure the angle cannot exceed 0 and 180 degrees relative to the tank base
    (Done) Rotate the turret to match the angle relative to the tank's angle
(Done) As a player I should be able to adjust my power with a joystick's y axis
    (Done) Ensure the power is limited between 10 and 100
(Done) As a player I should be able to see my tank on the terrian
    (Done) Skin the terrain against the points
(Done) As a player I should be able to die when I take too much damage.
    (Done) Remove a tank when its life reaches zero.
(Done) As a player I should be able to win by being the last tank standing.
    (Done) Display "<playername> wins!" for 5 seconds, where playername is the winner
(Done) As a player I should be able to play multiple rounds.
    (Done) Return the menu state after the round is over (and text is done displaying).
As a player I should be able to see explosions from shells.
    (Done) If a shell touches anything, destroy the shell
    If a shell touches anything, replace it with an explosion image (like sprinkles).
As a player I should be able to select how many other players will be joining.
    (Done) Show large buttons with numbers on the menu state.
    Show as many buttons (numbered) as there are connected controllers.
As a player I should lose life as time progresses.
    Decrease life as the game progresses
(Done) As a player I should be able to see a background.
    (Done) Add a pretty background